fix(css_formatter): don't indent CSS selector when leading comments before (#4392)
biomejs/biome: CHANGELOG.md

### Formatter

### Bug fixes

> - Fix [#4121](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4326), don't ident css selector when comments before. Contributed by @fireairforce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix [#4121](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4326), don't ident CSS selector when comments before. Contributed by @fireairforce
```
You need to add something after the word "before" because, as is, it's incomplete

Author: done~ updated the changelog

### Formatter

### Bug fixes

> - Fix [#4121](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4326), don't ident css selector when has leading comments. Contributed by @fireairforce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix [#4121](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4326), don't indent a CSS selector when has leading comments. Contributed by @fireairforce
```

Author: done~
